fix: [M3-10501, M3-10477] - Disable Maintenance Policy Select for Unsupported Regions (#12725)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-12725-fixed-1755617371743.md

---
"@linode/manager": Fixed
---

> Disable Maintenance Policy select for unsupported regions ([#12725](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12725))

Reviewer: minor suggestion, non-blocking : our [best practice](https://linode.github.io/manager/CONTRIBUTING.html#writing-a-changeset) here is to describe the bug that was fixed, e.g.
> For Fixed changesets, describe the bug that needed to be fixed, rather than the fix itself. (e.g. say "Missing button labels in action buttons" rather than "Make label prop required for action buttons").

```suggestion
Maintenance Policy selection enabled in Linode Settings for unsupported regions ([#12725](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/12725))
```
